Venezuela's currency is destroyed the
people are upset civil unrest has taken
hold and the hemorrhaging is Unstoppable
at this point in time karacus is
potentially the most dangerous city in
the world as chaos breaks out into the
streets Civil Wars become a reality and
ordinary people turn against their
fellow man in violent opposition
this is the testing ground for the new
world ORD hellish plans you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you let's talk about Venezuela and let's
connect that in with other regions
around the world beginning with this
article right here Venezuelans were
wearily rushing to deposit Bank notes or
dump their cash
savings entirely following an
Announcement by the president that he
was
invalidating the country's biggest bill
because of what he says is an attack on
the nation's liquidity so here we have
by
decree
suggesting what's going to happen at
every step of the way this is the
planned economy that is plan to fail the
Socialist leader shocked the country on
Sunday when said the
boulevar would be removed from
circulation within 72 hours so giving
people basically no notice they're
already waiting in line half the day to
get their Basic Essentials and now they
have 72 hours to get rid of these bills
for months the South American nation has
suffered a hard cash shortage why
because people are using wheelbarrows
full of it as inflation spirals toward a
whopping
500% now these numbers vary depending on
what who and what is calculating this
I'll get into that more in a moment
which maduru insists is the product of
an economic War an attempt by his
political foes to smuggle currency out
of Venezuela while this could certainly
be true have some truth to it I do
believe that these economic Wars are
taking place not just here not just in
Venezuela but of course all around the
world if you want a nation's resources
what is the absolute easiest way to
strangle them well of course it's by
manipulating the currency you can
destroy an economy destroy their
currency eventually eventually they're
going to have to beg and plead and there
will be Nations supernational entities
which come to the rescue so-called
Rescue of that nation and don't worry
because the corporations who own and
control every country around the world
will be there to rape and
pillage every last bit of those
resources let's look at this next next
article here again talking about
Venezuela the Central Bank hasn't put
out inflation data all year but this
individual and his team say the annual
inflation as of December 9th is
375% so even those a low ball in this
estimate is
375% okay you can't keep up with 375%
annual inflation it's not possible it's
destroyed it's gone others have said the
number could be running twice that high
and I believe they could be referencing
the IMF suggesting
720 within
2016 economists and administration
critics blame the soaring prices on the
failed economic policies including the
Draconian price and currency
controls Draconian price and currency
controls which perversely have fueled
speculation in the black Market you
can't stifle this you can't control it
in fact it's like that you know the
beach ball underwater effect the harder
you push it down the quicker and the
more acceleration you give it on the way
back up the economic Warfare being waged
by the shadowy forces on Friday the
government confiscated this this is what
I'm talking about but a dictatorship
okay the government
confiscated 4 million toys from the
warehouse of this individual here
company one of the country's largest
merchandise
Distributors the government accused the
company of hoarding the trinkets here
you're not you're not sharing the wealth
they could be sold at 54 1,000% markup
now those seized toys will be
distributed at fair prices so they're
going to give these toys out to the
children around the
cities and they're going to try to do
this to essentially get in good with the
family say hey look he's trying to do
something good he's trying to you know
win us back he's not so bad of a guy and
literally
robbing this company now maybe they were
up to no good maybe this company is you
know not the nicest out there but to
steal from the company to have the
government go in and steal from this
company and give it away to the people
that is not a solution in any which way
or form I do see this as basically what
they do all around think of all the
taxpayer bailouts when you have a
corporation that is stealing a lot of
these uh investment companies
essentially stealing from the people
look at the all the banking
establishments steal from the people
they go bankrupt or on the verge of
bankruptcy see the government comes in
and says don't worry we'll bail you out
they use the taxpayer money that's your
dollars and my dollars being used to
bail out these
corporations and what happens what do we
get from it you know maybe you get that
little
rebate Cash for Clunkers program what
about that maybe you get that little
benefit you know you got $500 now wow
you know I got some of that bailout I'm
feeling
good but you know
three people you know in your inner
circle lost their
jobs your wage didn't increase this year
or the next year or the one after
because of Hard Times economic struggle
you know how many times did I have to
hear that myself no raise this
year company's not doing so
well how many of you heard that
before look at this this is the Baltic
dry index in my opinion one of the most
important indicators of the health of
the global
economy look at this
chart and look at a chart that they will
not I repeat they will not once
again they won't show you in the
mainstream
media because this shows how bad things
are everything with was booming you know
in the early
2000s up until the financial
crisis you had a little rebound
afterwards and that quickly ran out of
steam today not quite at an all-time low
but basically at an all-time
low and this is essentially showing you
global trade okay that's generally what
we're looking at here think about it for
a moment here you know I happen to have
an inside
source in the shipping industry uh what
I would consider to be a very high level
individual telling me on a personal
level how bad how real bad things are in
the shipping industry okay so I'm
hearing that from the
top things are not I assure you things
are not going
well it comes after months of warnings
from experts including top military
brasses that massive economic issues
Mass immigration and terrorism will lead
to a
fullscale
crisis remember as I read these words
this is not me I'm reading from The
Daily Star here they have predicted this
will affect the entire continent
eventually leading to Civil War on the
streets one of the most
apocalyptic warnings came from this
individual the Swiss head of the Armed
Forces okay a highlevel
individual he left his job saying the
combination of the hybrid Wars the
economy and the refugee crisis would
have
unforeseen
Dimensions he then claimed that social
unrest was something the Europe Europe's
leaders and armies had to be prepared
for okay remember all of these words
hybrid Wars economy unforeseen
Dimensions Refugee crisis social unrest
Civil War on the streets and the
apocalyptic warnings are all within that
same theme that I talk about on
practically every single one of my
videos and here we are we are hearing it
from the Swiss head of the Armed Forces
okay this is serious it's not just in
Europe although he's highlighting that
it's going global City and Devastation I
just wanted to read you this rescue
workers in Aleppo out of body bags
following a catastrophic day of
bombardment out of body bags just think
about that this is crazy what's going on
there Saudi Arabia signal it's ready to
cut oil production more than
expected and this here is basically in a
deal when with non OPEC nations as far
as I'm aware yeah several of the other
uh OPEC
non uh basically these nations trying to
divise way in
between globally in within OPEC and
without let's come to an agreement to
push the price of oil up that means your
gasoline up and that spread in between
the oil per barrel and the gasoline
price never making any sense anymore if
you look at it it's ridiculous actually
and you'll see that spread increase
thank you very much it's
wonderful then we have all that you know
fake news information that was coming
out this is at a Ron Paul's Liberty
report publishing look at this the list
of journalists who colluded with the
Clinton campaign check this out for
yourself you could just see all of these
individuals ABC Bloomberg CBC CBS
everything all the way down
um as you see it all colluding with the
Clinton campaign all of them all of them
all of them
are completely
ingrained into uh what we had seen
trying to promote Hillary Clinton trying
to stifle Donald Trump that's generally
the way it seemed to be anyway doesn't
mean necessarily anything was done but
you know the way this works you know how
it's all propaganda that we see it's
very clear now one of the things that I
haven't gone into in a long time
although I Do cover it is
WikiLeaks and many of us we've heard of
it in the news obviously we see the
Wikileaks the emails I've covered them
here before but have you actually gone
to the Wikileaks website it's actually
very very informative very very cool in
fact they have a search word you could
type for anything you want but if you
want to know about a particular email
for example the podesta emails and you
want to search for something like Spirit
cooking for example you can go in there
and they have a custom search which will
allow you to search through his
emails and you can just type in the
words you want and you'll get the emails
that correspond to that so it's very
very good very detailed so if you've
read about anything in the news you can
actually go to WikiLeaks and search uh
specifically in there Wikileaks has
changed a lot since I first started
going to this website uh clearly has
been uh overhauled uh to some great
degree if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
if you hate my face if you don't like me
give me a thumbs down I'd appreciate
that as well all right if you found this
video informative you're going to find
my book The Money GPS even more
informative I've got diagrams I've got
charts I've got everything that you need
to take this very complex subject and
simplify it so go over to Amazon because
they they have a look inside feature
that allows you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take
care I just wanted to acknowledge
everybody who commented on the previous
video where I asked for suggestions
comments criticisms everything else um I
also want to thank
there were several individuals who made
donations to me and I I just appreciate
that so much I appreciate everything
whether it's donations through patreon
or or PayPal or anything
else it's it's so great to see that
thank you very much of course I don't
get to thank you enough I I try to at
least on the comments to say thank you
every time if you say thank you to me
well I'm thanking you for actually
watching watching this
stuff so I appreciate that I just wanted
to say that I'm haven't gone through all
of the comments on that video but I'm
trying to get back to everybody at the
last time I checked there were over 200
comments which is you know abnormally
high and that's a very good thing that
means you individuals even though you
may not comment or or um you know email
me necessarily every day but I know that
you're listening and I know that you do
appreciate this information generally I
I want to do a video in reply to all
that but generally what I would say is
that you individuals you like what
you're seeing here you want to see more
you definitely want to see interviews if
you are expecting an interviews on this
channel what I would say is that you
know although that's not really what I
do here I've got something planned I've
already contacted the
individual not going to say
anymore but but I'll just say that I
contacted an individual and look forward
to something coming up after the release
of the book
which I'm trying to work on it I assure
you
everyone once the book is released I got
something planned it'll come up and then
we'll see if that can happen on a
regular sort of regular basis so I
assure you I'm listening to the things
you were saying and I'm trying to use
that for information
so um I'm listening to you guys guys
really appreciate that very much that's
enough for this video it's gone on too
long once again thank you all